# EAc5

*Source:* `https://arc-app.gbci.org/projects/sample-forms/leed-v5-new-constructions/EAc5`  
*Rating system:* LEED v5 BD+C: New Construction

---

• View sample forms to see the required fields and information to document a credit.
• Sample forms are for reference only; calculations and links are not functional.
• Sample forms cannot be downloaded or saved.

Not started

Assign to

EAc5|LEED v5 BD+C: New Construction|Category: Energy and Atmosphere

requirements

activity

### **Option 1.** Enhanced commissioning

3

For both paths, confirm the following:

Commissioning provider (CxP)

If not included in the commissioning report, provide Commissioning Provider (CxP) qualifications confirming an independent CxP with direct commissioning experience from the predesign phase through the occupancy phase for at least two projects with equal or larger scope and complexity. Experience documented for a CxP entity must reflect the team performing the commissioning work for the project. Upload documentation

Select applicable path(s) and provide required documentation:

**Path 1.** Enhanced commissioning for MEP systems

2

AND/OR

**Path 2.** Enhanced commissioning for building enclosure

1

### **Option 2.** Monitoring-based commissioning (MBCx)

2

For both paths, provide the following:

MBCx plan

Provide the monitoring-based commissioning (MBCx) plan including all the following:

- Confirmation of commitment to implement MBCx for a minimum of three years, through qualified staff or an executed contract with an MBCx provider (MBCxP)
- Roles and responsibilities (including identification of the MBCxP and their responsibilities)
- Software technology description. Address the capabilities for remote access, data storage, visualization, smart analytics, reporting, and monitoring (including a list of monitored equipment, and frequency and duration of trend monitoring).
- Review and reporting criteria aligned with credit requirements
Upload documentation

### Energy Information System (EIS)

### EIS functionality

Confirm that the project has a remotely accessible platform with software functionality to perform smart analytics and visually present metered energy data.

The MBCx plan confirms the following capabilities, as applicable

- Annual energy benchmarking of energy use intensities
- Comparison of all energy consumption to the prior interval annually and monthly
- For electric interval data, hourly loadshape with comparisons
- Comparison of all hourly metered electricity to the prior interval annually, monthly, daily, and hourly

EIS visualizations

Provide two representative visualizations generated by the project’s Energy Information System (EIS) (e.g., screenshots, reports, etc.) Upload documentation

Hourly monitoring of large electric equipment

Confirm hourly monitoring for applicable large electric equipment or confirm not applicable.

Select applicable path:

**Path 1.** Basic software

1

OR

**Path 2.** Enhanced software

2

Special circumstances

Describe the circumstances limiting the project team's ability to provide the required documentation. Also, reference any additional documentation that has been provided. If any nonstandard documentation exists, it will be evaluated based on its individual merits.Upload documentation

Points attempted

Indicate the number of points attempted for this credit.

0/4

Potential points Based on path selection

Save changes
